>>We kind of left off about
6,000 years ago in Egypt--
or 4,000 years ago,
whenever it was.
A lot has happened since then.
But in present-day time,
there was a certain series
of events that led up-- that
had a lot of implications
on the Earth, and we need
to see what those were.
It began with a man named
David Suzuki out of Canada,
who's a geneticist, actually.
He's a very brilliant person.
He won the Nobel
Prize in genetics.
He won this prize not by
looking through a microscope,
but by looking
through a telescope.
As above, so below.
And he was very
interested in watching
the movement of
asteroids as they
moved through the Solar System.
Unknown to most people
on Earth, though not
to the scientific
community, we live inside
of a bubble of matter.
There is the Solar System, the
Sun, the planets, everything
like that, and then
outside of that,
it's a sphere made
up of asteroids.
And it's like, there's
all these little--
it's like we live inside
an eggshell, kind of.
And they rotate,
and they're always
kind of moving
around and rotating,
and they move with the
solar system as we move.
And every once in a while,
when these little asteroids
will break off and move
through the Solar System--
we get lots of them,
50, 60, 70 a year
or something like that, where
they'll move from one place
to another.
And it was the movement
of these asteroids
that he applied to genetics.
It's just like looking
at a big cell, you know,
where you really get
it down into detail.
And he had a team of people that
watched the sky all the time,
and he also had
another, smaller team
of people who watched
the sky during the day,
watching the Sun.
And one day in the year 1950,
this team witnessed something
coming off the Sun that wasn't
in any of the textbooks.
It didn't fit.
They didn't know
what the heck it was.
It didn't make any sense at all.
But they witnessed a
spiral of energy coming off
the sun that went
right past the earth,
and no one knew what it was.
No one knew what it
meant or anything.
All they knew is they'd
just recorded it.
That was in 1950.
At that same moment,
the Earth happened
to be at the
furthest-distance point
in the particular elliptical
pattern of a wobble.
We talk about another
wobble, the procession.
There's other wobbles--
I mentioned them.
There's this one
particular wobble
that is 14 years around
that David had identified,
and that he was working with.
And so it was like this.
It took 14 years to go
around this one thing,
and there's these points
here, and the Earth
happened to be sitting
right there when
the Sun did this "whoop"
thing, whatever it was.
And they just recorded it.
They didn't know what it
meant, except that they noticed
that, three years later-- this
was in 1950-- approximately
three years later,
in 1953-- boy,
it's hard to write
on this, it rocks.
In 1953, the Sun did
this thing again.
In 1956, it did it again.
And each time it
kept doing-- this one
was stronger than that one,
and this one was a lot stronger
than that one.
And then in 1957, we
were on the other end
of this thing of
the wobble, and it
had been calculated that
we were not where we
were supposed to be.
In other words, the wobble had
started to enlarge, like that.
They weren't certain.
In 1959, the Sun did another
pulse of energy, stronger
than the one in 1956.
It was every three years,
the same sort of doing this.
And so again, in 1962, the
Sun pulsed again in this way.
In the meantime, this kept
going out further and further.
In 1964, we'd come
around one time on here.
It was at that point that
the David Suzuki team
was convinced of something.
However, they kept it
secret unto themselves
until the year 1968.
They calculated further
for a long time,
for another four years.
They wanted to be
certain that it was true.
In 1968, David Suzuki
published a scientific paper--
that was really only
released to Canada,
the United States, and
certain other governments--
that it was the belief
of this scientific team
that there would be an
explosion of the Sun
of unparalleled levels, the
likes of which we'd never
seen before, in either
August, September, October,
or November of 1972, which
would be in four more years.
And that by the
end of the century,
and at a very specific
time, we would have
a new North and South Pole.
They were convinced of it, and
they had very powerful proof
to come up with this, that
the axis of the Earth and such
was beginning to wobble
outside of its normal wobbles.
And the world governments
became aware at this time.
David Suzuki--
actually, even sooner
than that-- was given
unlimited funds.
Any amount of money whatsoever,
didn't make any difference--
whatever he needed.
They gave him the University
of British Columbia.
He could have it.
Anything he wanted,
didn't matter.
They gave him a
nine-story building
filled with all the
scientists that he wanted
and any equipment he wanted.
Trudeau would've
given him anything.
It didn't matter.
The Canadian government began to
build these spheres that would
house 12 males and 12 females.
They were high up in
the Rocky Mountains.
And they could survive under
any imaginable conditions
you could think of.
Even if the oceans went over
the Rocky Mountains, which
was a very definite
possibility, they
were designed to break
through the crust and float.
They would go through
any conceivable scenario.
Hopefully they'd-- and
they built several of these
as a survival things, because
to them, this was real.
The United States also began
to build underground terminals
and things all around the
world, from Pine Gap, Australia,
all the way up into-- you could
go all the way from Colorado
Springs, Colorado, all the
way deep into White Sands, New
Mexico.
It went all the way
over, way the heck
into the middle of Arizona
underground right now.
Never come back, never surface.
All this stuff was in
the name, of course,
of war and atomic bombs.
They gave it other names,
but underneath all this,
they knew that we were heading
for big-time trouble very,
very soon.
And they were preparing.